OADP-3920 added review section for backup and restore (#79808)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-review-backup-restore.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/restoring-applications.adoc
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/backing-up-applications.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="oadp-review-backup-restore_{context}"]

> = Review resources before running backup and restore

Reviewer: Not sure how docs would feel about using the term "dry run" but perhaps we can add the term.   We may want to change the word "Review resources" to "Preview" as well?   My thoughts here are my opinion and NOT fact :)

Reviewer: thinking about this a little more, a little context to the user may be helpful.  Something along the lines of... the resources in a backup or restore operation are discovered at run time.    Thanks for the help on this!

Author: Added a little context and reworded the title. Could you please review? @anarnold97 @weshayutin

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/restoring-applications.adoc
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/backing-up-applications.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="oadp-review-backup-restore_{context}"]
= Preview resources before running backup and restore

> OADP backs up application resources by type, namespace, or label at runtime. This means, you are able to view the resources after the backup is complete. Similarly, you are able to view the restored objects by namespace, PV, or label after a restore operation is complete. You can do a dry run of the backup and restore operations, to preview the resources in advance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{oadp-short} backs up application resources by type, namespace, or label at runtime. This means, you are able to view the resources after the backup is complete. Similarly, you are able to view the restored objects by namespace, PV, or label after a restore operation is complete. You can do a dry run of the backup and restore operations, to preview the resources in advance.
```

To preview the resources that will be backed up before running the actual backup, run the following `velero` command:

[source, terminal]
----
velero backup create <backup-name> --snapshot-volumes false # <1>
----
<1> Specify `--snapshot-volumes false`.

To preview the resources that will be restored before running the actual restore, run the following `velero` command:

[source, terminal]
----

> velero restore create --from-backup <backup-name> # <1>

Reviewer 3: @weshayutin @anarnold97 @shdeshpa07 Above and this command will create a actual restore in the cluster.  Maybe we will have to tell user to delete all the resources created by this restore after reviewing the resources.

Author: Hi @PrasadJoshi12 - added a note as mentioned in review comment. Please review. Thanks.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/restoring-applications.adoc
// * backup_and_restore/application_backup_and_restore/backing_up_and_restoring/backing-up-applications.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oadp-review-backup-restore_{context}"]
= Previewing resources before running backup and restore

{oadp-short} backs up application resources by type, namespace, or label at runtime. This means, you can view the resources after the backup is complete. Similarly, you can view the restored objects by namespace, PV, or label after a restore operation is complete. To preview the resources in advance, you can do a dry run of the backup and restore operations. 

.Prerequisites

* You must install the OADP Operator.

.Procedure

. To preview the resources that will be backed up before running the actual backup, run the following `velero` command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ velero backup create <backup-name> --snapshot-volumes false # <1>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
$ velero backup create <backup-name> --snapshot-volumes false <1>
```

----
<1> Specify `--snapshot-volumes false`.
+
. To know more details about the backup resources, run the following `velero` command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ velero describe backup <backup_name> --details # <1>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
$ velero describe backup <backup_name> --details <1>
```

----
<1> Specify the name of the backup.
+
. To preview the resources that will be restored before running the actual restore, run the following `velero` command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ velero restore create --from-backup <backup-name> # <1>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
$ velero restore create --from-backup <backup-name> <1>
```

> $ velero restore create --from-backup <backup-name> # <1>

Reviewer 5: I will not hold up the merge over this single issue, but please consider fixing this in a later PR:
```suggestion
$ velero restore create --from-backup <backup_name> # <1>
```

----
<1> Specify the name of the backup created to review the backup resources.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> The `velero restore create` command creates restore resources in the cluster. Make sure to delete the resources created by the restore, after reviewing the resources.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The `velero restore create` command creates restore resources in the cluster. You must delete the resources created as part of the restore, after you review the resources.
```

====
+

> . To know more details about the restore resources, run the following `velero` command:.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
. To know more details about the restore resources, run the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ velero describe restore <restore_name> --details # <1>

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
$ velero describe restore <restore_name> --details <1>
```

Reviewer 4: Hi @anarnold97 Thanks for pitching in. I agree to your point that you need to comment out the callout in a YAML file as per the doc guidelines. But, since this is a codeblock we do not need to comment out the code blocks.
https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#callouts-in-code-blocks

Reviewer 4: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#using-asciidoc-callouts-in-the-yaml
